   [aca.jpg] [acaleader.jpg] ACA: Home Page ACA: Race Results ACA: Activity Schedule ACA: Classified Ads ACA: About the ACA [acatrailer.jpg]

   [pixel.gif]
   [pixel.gif] Race Results

   Pittsburgh New Racers Night
   June 26, 2000
   A balmy evening made for ideal conditions to mix talk and practice on the subject of paceline riding during our Clinic segment. We learned, somewhat ironically, that it was easier to learn effective paceline riding at full speed than at slower practice speeds, and the Womens' race in particular demonstrated this particular skill carried out through most of their 20-lap event. Lacking a few of our regular Juniors, who were instead praticing for a big National caliber BMX weekend at South Park this next weekend, the Juniors present rode instead, and quite respectably, in the Men's race. Kudos to Juniors Jason Bierly and Ryan Lucas, who had just the day before raced a tough road race circuit out in the Deer Lakes series. One fall resulting from a chain problem ended the race for Adi Miro--we hope she's recovering well and that she'll be on the bike again soon. And last but not least, nothing but superlatives for the BROOKLYN team (minus Tony, alas), whose marshaling was simply exemplary! Todd
   Bulebush, Steve Marx, Karl Thomas and Steve Kundman put in endless laps (without benefit of their own paceline) and countless words of practical advice and encouragement. Thanks also to Oscar Swan and Jody Lobert for various assistance, and to the Jamis team and others who came out to support the riders.

   Note: next week, being a holiday weekend for most, we'll start at 5:00 with some short time trials. As there are currently no track records established at 0.5-mile, 1-mile and 2.5 mile distances for women, we'll time these and send in the best times to the track archivist. So, registration will begin around 4:30, individual time trials begin at 5:00, and our Clinic segment will get underway at 5:30. Registration closes when the Clinic begins. We would also like to have an "Uncle Sam's Masters Race" for riders over 50. Please encourage Dad or any interested men to come down. Remember, all Cat 5 riders are eligible to ride with PNRN. We will hold a short "race" for kids on 20"-wheel (BMX) bikes, with or without extra gears, if we can get a minimum of 3 to participate. No entry fee, ages 9-12.

   Gregg Dion, Race Organizer


RESULTS:

Men's criterium:

1. Lars Cleath
2. Jason Bierly
3. T.Lyle Ferderber
4. Joshua McEvoy
5. Paul Ricci
6. Dick Pantalone
7. Ryan Lucas
8. John Lynch
9. Ken Hammer

Women's criterium:

1. Lisa Brush
2. Aimee Beal
3. Marian Mondik
4. Kyle Schoppman
5. Mary Marchetti
6. Melissa Gibson
7. Lorin Zimmerman
     Adi Miro - DNF

   [pixel.gif]
   [pixel.gif]

   [pixel.gif]
   [pixel.gif] Join the ACA Join the Mail List Post & Chat Room Links Contact US [pixel.gif]
   [pixel.gif]
   [pixel.gif] Web Design by PolarSoft® Inc.
   Graphic Design by Fred Baldassare and Jack Neyer
   ACA Logo Design by Jody Lobert
